# CS-255
The main project for this course was the DriverPass project. The client noticed a void in the market in the area of student driver instruction and training. He wanted us to design a system that would allow student drivers to gain access to driving instruction materials, such as online courses and driving appointments. The system needed to manage purchased packages by the users, vehicles loaned to driving instructors by the company, and the driving instructors themselves.

The client was a small business owner, who already owned a brick-and-mortar business, but wanted to provide their company's services online. The system he wanted to have designed would allow student drivers to purchase one of three packages. Each package provided the customer with a certain number of hours in driving appointments, during which time they would drive with an instructor hired by the client. Some of the packages also included in-person lessons and online courses up-to-date with DMV standards. The client wanted the DriverPass system to handle the administration and grading of course materials and quizzes. He also expressed his desire to have the system track information about each car in his fleet, such as maintenance schedules and who was using each vehicle at any given time.

I feel like I captured all of the client's needs well within the system, even adding a few features that made sense based on the context and overall direction the client seemed to want to take the system. However, I also believe I could have gone deeper into the analysis of the secretary's access to the system. With the diagrams I made, there is no clear representation of how the secretary interacts with the DriverPass system when setting appointments or creating accounts for clients. If I had more time and opportunity, I would like to dive deeper into how the secretary's access would affect and interact with the rest of the system.

One concern the user mentioned was their lack of extensive IT support. In the interview transcript I was provided, I was under the strong impression that the only IT support the company had was a single technician. Because of this, they wished to store the data for the system on the cloud, so as to utilize established safety measures, rather than try to create their own. I made it clear throughout my design that long-term data storage was not a function the system carried out, but rather that data transfer was going to be the main interaction with data within the system. Considering the client's needs is vital because it builds rapport with business owners, and can potentially open the door for future jobs down the road. If the client for this project sees massive growth in their business due to the system I designed, they may be inclined to consider hiring me for larger scale projects in the future. Also, if someone is paying me to do a job, it is only right and fair that I do my best to meet all of their needs within the scope of the project.

When designing software, I approach the project with much the same mindset as I would approach any planning process: I ask as many questions as I need to as many different people as I need to gain as much information as I might need to make informed and efficient decisions. I communicate with everyone clearly and keep my mind open at all times to different possibilities and suggestions. In the future, I will continue to develop my networking and communication skills, as these are skills I feel a person can always improve on to some exten, especially in the ever-changing society we live in today.
